1. Current situation
  
    We plan to write a coin game. It is an easy and interesting game. It belongs to take-away game. 
    This game can exercise your thinking and make you be thoughtful.
    

2. Dream system
    
    It is a puzzle game. Players first need to make global thinking and simulate the game situation step by step in the brain.
    Think active in thinking and have fun in victory. 
    This program can also be applied to computer logic operations, children intellectual development, medical puzzle rehabilitation treatment, etc.
    
    
3. Current processes

    Plan game structure->Write the prototype of the game->Test game->Improve game details->Conduct a complete game test->Add game UI.


4. Required processes

    Plan game structure->Write the prototype of the game->Test game->Improve game details->Conduct a complete game test->Add game UI.


5. Law, rules, standards

    Rulse：
    There are 10 coins all facing heads in beginning. Players take turns. In a turn, a player can flip
    either 1, 2 or 3 coins. But the last coin chosen must be facing head. The player who
    successfully reached a state in its turn where all 10 coins are tails. That player wins.
    Law:
    The games must be implemented in a console version in a professional way. That is focus on
    every dark corner and also implementation must be readable, if the code is hard to read, it is
    not good solution, points will be cut for that. So, it is important that not only program works
    but implementation is easy to read as well. It must provide rules by default when the program is executed.
    It must be user-friendly, meaning when displaying game in console, game state must be clearly
    visible. If game state is not clear, or the rules provided are not clear it is considered to be invalid project.
    If I give irrelevant inputs, the program must explicitly provide descriptive message stating how
    inputs must and be and, in some cases, also stating what was wrong with my input.

6. Requirement list

    If user want to quit game, how can user do so.
    If players want to restart the game.
    If player wants to see the rules in the middle of the game 
    (there must be a way how a player can look up the rules and after displaying rules game must resume).

7. Dictionary

    At the beginning, 10 coins were all face up. Players take turns. In a round, the player can flip 1, 2 or 3 coins. 
    But the last selected coin must face up. 
    That player successfully reached the state where all 10 coins are negative. That player won.



8. Use case
    
    The program can also be applied to computer logic operation, child intellectual development, medical puzzle rehabilitation treatment and many other aspects.
    
    
    
